[prod] kim-oehmichen/typo in https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/processing/processors/?tab=ui#remapper (#10148)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/processors.md

## Remapper

> The remapper processor remaps any source attribute(s) or tag to another target attribute or tag. It can transform this log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remapper processor remaps any source attribute(s) or tag to another target attribute or tag. It transforms this log:
```
